[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: Now we're going to
add an HTML method that gets, or
sets, the inner HTML of all of
the elements in a collection.
So here if I got all li's,
I could set all all
li's HTML to have a div with All Dogs and
then I could read back the first li's
HTML and get that back like this.
So to give a little bit of
explanation on what you're gonna do,
I can keep doing this pattern.
I'm gonna go to this HTML function and
first I need to figure out
if I'm either getting or
setting the HTML, all right.
So the best way of getting or
setting the HTML is to,
well I'm gonna pseudocode this,
I'll give this one to you guys.
If do you arguments.length,
that means someone passed in an argument.
That means I'm gonna do setting,
otherwise I'm going to get this
[0]'s, innerHTML, really.
Now for setting what I need
to do is go through each item in this,
each element in 'this' and
set its innerHTML to newHtml.
>> Justin Meyer: Now,
you can use $.each in here on this.
This is a really nice way of doing it
is to do $.each and then pass at this,
and then you get a function that will be
called back with each element in this.
So I'll give that to you.
So you're gonna do function, and
this'll get called back with the index and
the element.
And I'm gonna change this to return,
and you're also gonna want to
return the original collections
because jQuery supports chaining, so
you'd wanna return here to
make sure it's returning this.
So if that was confusing, basically all
I'm doing is the same as doing this.
Cuz jQuery, anytime that there's a setter,
if you're always setting
the values in your collection,
it always returns the instance
of jQuery back to you.